readme.md, before:

# lstty
This is a simple terminal tool to list what serial ports there are.  It prints the name of the serial port, what type of port it is, and if it's a USB port it will print the VID and PID and product name.  At the minute that's all it does.  There aren't any command line parameters.  It's just `lstty`.

An example of this program's output:
```text
$ lstty
/dev/ttyACM0   usb      16c0:048a minimixer
/dev/ttyACM1   usb      303a:1001 USB_JTAG_serial_debug_unit
/dev/ttyACM2   usb      04d8:00dd MCP2221(a) UART/I2C Bridge
/dev/ttyS0     unknown 
```

This program has a little bit of logging that can be enabled using the `RUST_LOG=<level>` environment variable.  `<level>` can be one of `trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warn`, or `error`.

# Building
This project is made with Rust, so make sure cargo is installed.  To build, just run `cargo build`, and to run use `cargo run`.

To install from source use `cargo install --path .`.

# Dependancies
This tool gets serial port info from the [serialport](https://github.com/serialport/serialport-rs) crate.  Logging is done using the [pretty-env-logger](https://github.com/seanmonstar/pretty-env-logger) crate.

Commit message:

added install section to readme

readme.md, after:

# lstty

<a href="https://crates.io/crates/lstty"><img src=https://img.shields.io/crates/v/lstty></img></a>

This is a simple terminal tool to list what serial ports there are.  It prints the name of the serial port, what type of port it is, and if it's a USB port it will print the VID and PID and product name.  At the minute that's all it does.  There aren't any command line parameters.  It's just `lstty`.

An example of this program's output:
```text
$ lstty
/dev/ttyACM0   usb      16c0:048a minimixer
/dev/ttyACM1   usb      303a:1001 USB_JTAG_serial_debug_unit
/dev/ttyACM2   usb      04d8:00dd MCP2221(a) UART/I2C Bridge
/dev/ttyS0     unknown 
```

This program has a little bit of logging that can be enabled using the `RUST_LOG=<level>` environment variable.  `<level>` can be one of `trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warn`, or `error`.

# Installing

The tool can be installed from [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/lstty) by running `cargo install lstty`.

# Building
This project is made with Rust, so make sure cargo is installed.  To build, just run `cargo build`, and to run use `cargo run`.

To install from source use `cargo install --path .`.

# Dependancies
This tool gets serial port info from the [serialport](https://github.com/serialport/serialport-rs) crate.  Logging is done using the [pretty-env-logger](https://github.com/seanmonstar/pretty-env-logger) crate.
